Add `Cmd` object notes in the Running External Programs section of the manual. (#39704)
JuliaLang/julia: doc/src/manual/running-external-programs.md

saturated throughput.

We strongly encourage you to try all these examples to see how they work.

## `Cmd` Objects

> [`Cmd`](@ref) objects can also be used. It can customize them with the `dir` keyword to set the working directory,

Reviewer: maybe can also be used *directly*, since the cmd syntax does also produce Cmd objects. And then adjust the rest of the sentence to say "This way, they may be used to customize ..."

Author: Thanks. I fixed it. PTAL.

saturated throughput.

We strongly encourage you to try all these examples to see how they work.

## `Cmd` Objects

> [`Cmd`](@ref) objects can also be used directly, since the cmd syntax does also produce [`Cmd`](@ref) objects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The syntax introduced above creates objects of type [`Cmd`](@ref). Such object may also be constructed directly:
```

```julia
run(Cmd(`pwd`, dir=".."))
```

> This way, they may be used to customize them with the `dir` keyword to set the working directory,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This way, they may be customized with the `dir` keyword to set the working directory,
```
